Update project_charter.md: clarify maintenance of older releases (#888)
JCSDA/spack-stack: project_charter.md

## Lifetime of spack-stack installations
Regular, full releases of spack-stack are made every three months around the end of February, May, August, and November.

> spack-stack developers are committed to maintaining a rolling stock of the last four releases, i.e. one year's worth of spack-stack releases. Under special circumstances (e.g. operational implementations that require long-term support, long-running official retrospectives), selected releases may be kept longer. Maintenance in this context referts to addressing bugs or recompiling in the event of an intrusive update to the system. Adding new functionality or new packages is in general limited to the current and future releases.

Author: add sth like exceptions can be made on a case by case basis?

Reviewer: :) see my comment

> spack-stack developers are committed to maintaining a rolling stock of the last four releases, i.e. one year's worth of spack-stack releases. Under special circumstances (e.g. operational implementations that require long-term support, long-running official retrospectives), selected releases may be kept longer. Maintenance in this context referts to addressing bugs or recompiling in the event of an intrusive update to the system. Adding new functionality or new packages is in general limited to the current and future releases.

Author: ```suggestion
spack-stack developers are committed to maintaining a rolling stock of the last four releases, i.e. one year's worth of spack-stack releases. Under special circumstances (e.g. operational implementations that require long-term support, long-running official retrospectives), selected releases may be kept longer. Maintenance in this context refers to addressing bugs or recompiling in the event of an intrusive update to the system. Adding new functionality or new packages is in general limited to the current and future releases. Modifications to past releases that do not impact existing installations, such as the addition of chained environments/custom Spack repositories, or new templates or site configurations, may be considered on a case-by-case basis."
```
